Answer1. In Java, a string is an object that represents a sequence of characters. It is part of the java.lang package and is one of the most commonly used classes in Java. 

Answer2. In Java, there are two main types of strings:
         1.mutable string
         2.immutable string

Answer3. In Java, there are several ways to create string objects. Here are the main ways to create string objects:

         1.String Literal:- You can create a string object using string literals. String literals are enclosed in double quotation marks ("). When you use a string literal to create a string    
           object, Java automatically creates a String object for you.
           example- String str1 = "Hello, World!";
         2.Using the new Keyword: You can create a string object using the new keyword along with the String class constructor. This method explicitly creates a new instance of the String 
           class.
           example- String str2 = new String("Hello, World!");

Answer4. In Java, the string constant pool is a special memory area where string literals are stored. It is a part of the Java heap memory and is used to optimize memory usage and improve 
         performance when working with strings.

         When you create a string using a string literal (e.g., "Hello, World!"), Java stores that literal in the string constant pool. If you create multiple string literals with the same  
         content, they will be stored only once in the string constant pool, resulting in memory savings.

Answer5. 1.Mutable Objects: Mutable objects are objects whose state can be modified after they are created. In other words, their internal data or attributes can be changed. For example, you   
         can modify the properties of a mutable object, add or remove elements from a collection, or update the values of its fields. The state of a mutable object can be altered throughout   
         its lifetime.
         
         2.Immutable Objects: Immutable objects, on the other hand, are objects whose state cannot be modified after they are created. Once an immutable object is created, its internal data
           or attributes remain constant and cannot be changed. If you need to modify an immutable object, you have to create a new object with the desired changes.

Answer6. In Java, the string constant pool is located in the Java heap memory.
